README.md, before:

# InfaScripts v 1.5

A Script to execute some android adb commands in a simple way, helps do some battery and perfomance optimzations. <br>


## Quick Links 🌐

01. [Changelog](https://github.com/Infamousmick/infaScript?tab=readme-ov-file#---%EF%B8%8Fchangelog%EF%B8%8F---)
02. [How to run](https://github.com/Infamousmick/infaScript?tab=readme-ov-file#how-to-run)
03. [How to run the script on Termux](https://github.com/Infamousmick/infaScript?tab=readme-ov-file#to-use-infascript-in-termux) <hr>

## <i> - ⚡️🔋Changelog🔋⚡️ - </i>

####  V1.5
-Added Wifi Adb connect script📶

####  V1.0 First Release
- Added my Best Abd preset to save battery🔋🔋  
- Added script to Disable or Enable some GMS activities
- Added script to boost performance (same as Galaxy App Booster)⚡️ ⚡️ 
- Added script to Improve Battery consume
- Added script to clear cache🧹✨.
- Added script to reboot Recovery or Download mode

## How to run...?

#### 01. Download [Setup.sh](setup.sh) manually or type in terminal:
```
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Infamousmick/infaScript/master/setup.sh
```
#### 02. Move "setup.sh" file to a folder of your choice, copy and paste in the terminal  (in the choosed folder) and press ENTER:
```
chmod +x setup.sh
```
#### 03. Start the setup
```
./setup.sh
```
     
#### 04. Run InfaScript.sh and ENJOY :D
```
cd infaScript
```
```
./Infascript.sh
```

### Very thanks to [@Ravindu_Deshan](https://t.me/Ravindu_Deshan) [@SamsungTweaks](https://t.me/SamsungTweaks) who supported me and from whom i stol some ideas :D

Commit message:

Introduce Shizuku Support.!
* Optimized for Shizuku

* Shizuku support - pt 2

* Fixes 1

* Fixes 2

* Fixes 3

* Fixes 4

* Fixes 5

* Fixes 6

* Code Optimizations

* Fixed : Read issues ?

* Nuked read -p

* Code Optimizations 2

* Optimized codes 3

* Revert "Optimized codes 3"

This reverts commit bc5053e7ced1ce04a591afdae2a000a089d6f474.

* Fixes

* Enough :-|

* Hell..!

* Fixes 99999

* Smile in pain

* Beautify..

README.md, after:

# InfaScripts v 1.5

A Script to execute some Android ADB commands to simply help do some battery and performance optimizations. <br>


## Quick Links 🌐

01. [Changelog](https://github.com/Infamousmick/infaScript?tab=readme-ov-file#---%EF%B8%8Fchangelog%EF%B8%8F---)
02. [How to run](https://github.com/Infamousmick/infaScript?tab=readme-ov-file#how-to-run)
<hr>

## <i> - ⚡️🔋Changelog🔋⚡️ - </i>

####  V1.5
-Added Wifi Adb connect script📶

####  V1.0 First Release
- Added my Best ADB preset to save battery🔋🔋  
- Added script to Disable or Enable some GMS activities
- Added script to boost performance (same as Galaxy App Booster)⚡️ ⚡️ 
- Added script to Improve Battery consume
- Added script to clear cache🧹✨.
- Added script to reboot Recovery or Download mode

## How to run...?

### 01. Paste this in Temux and press enter:

```
apt update > /dev/null 2>&1 ; apt install curl git wget -y > /dev/null 2>&1 ; wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ravindu644/infaScript/rish/setup.sh > /dev/null 2>&1 ; bash setup.sh
```
### 02. Start Shizuku App.

### 03. Run this to start the script :
```
cd $HOME/infaScript ; bash infa
```
### Verry thanks to [@Ravindu_Deshan](https://t.me/Ravindu_Deshan) [@SamsungTweaks](https://t.me/SamsungTweaks) who supported me and from whom i stole some ideas :D
